Update openmv-cheat-sheet.md (#511)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/boards/portenta-h7/tutorials/openmv-cheat-sheet/openmv-cheat-sheet.md

```python
array = bytearray(5)
uart.read(array)
print(array)
```

If you intend to write over UART, you can call `.write()`. The function writes `buffer` of bytes to the bus. If characters are 7 or 8 bits wide then each byte is one character. If characters are 9 bits wide then two bytes are used for each character and `buffer` must contain an even number of bytes.

```python
uart.write(buffer)
```

### WIFI

To use Wi-Fi you first need to import the relevant library.

```python
import network
```

Then you need to define the Wi-Fi networks SSID and put that in a variable. You must do the same for the networks password.

```python
SSID=''
PASSWORD=''
```

Next, you can create a WLAN network interface object. In the argument you can enter `network.STA_IF`, which indicates that your device will be a client and connect to a Wi-Fi access point.

```python
wlan = network.WLAN(network.STA_IF)
```

To activate the network interface, you can simply call `.activate` with the argument `True`.

```python
wlan.active(True)
```

> Now you can decide which network to connect to. Here  itis where the `SSID` and `PASSWORD` variables come in handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can decide which network to connect to. Here  it is where the `SSID` and `PASSWORD` variables come in handy.
```
